Modularize, update, and enhance user focus of the "Architecture" part of Planning_for_Project (#2607)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_projectserver-operating-system.adoc

[id="ProjectServer-Operating-System_{context}"]

> = {ProjectServer} operating system

Author: Let's track this in https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/issues/2765

{Project} has packages for {EL} 8, Debian 11 and Ubuntu 20.04.
Katello plug-in packages, which provide content management capabilities, are only available for {EL}.

> The only architecture {Project} has packages for is x86_64.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{Project} is only packaged for the x86_64 archiecture.
```

Or maybe "{Team} only packages {Project} for ..."?

Reviewer 2: +1 for "{Team} only packages"
